Authentication options do not reflect new options (#3767)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/enrollment/apple-school-manager-set-up-ios.md

    - **Enroll without User Affinity** - Choose this option for devices unaffiliated with a single user, such as a shared device. Use this option for devices that perform tasks without accessing local user data. Apps like the Company Portal app don't work.

> 5. If you chose **Enroll with User Affinity**, you can let users authenticate with Company Portal, Setup Assistant (legacy), and Setup Assistant with modern authntication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you chose **Enroll with User Affinity**, you can let users authenticate with Company Portal, Setup Assistant (legacy), and Setup Assistant with modern authentication.
```

    ![Authenticate with Company Portal.](./media/apple-school-manager-set-up-ios/authenticatewithcompanyportal.png) <-This screenshot needs to be updated.

    > [!NOTE]

>     > Refer to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/automated-device-enrollment-authentication, for more details on authentication options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Refer to [Authentication methods for automated device enrollment in Intune](/mem/intune/enrollment/automated-device-enrollment-authentication) for more details on authentication options.
```
